Fix import of DOI with < and > characters (#12831)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

- We fixed an issue where JabRef would not open if an invalid external journal abbreviation path was encountered. [#12776](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/12776)
- We fixed a bug where LaTeX commands were not removed from filenames generated using the `[bibtexkey] - [fulltitle]` pattern. [#12188](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/12188)
- We fixed an issue where JabRef interface would not properly refresh after a group removal. [#11487](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/11487)

> - We fixed an issue where valid DOI couldn't be imported if they had special characters like < or >. [#12434](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/12434)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed an issue where valid DOI could not be imported if they had special characters like `<` or `>`. [#12434](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/12434)
```

We use long forms in `CHANGELOG.md`.

I also wrapped signs in backticks, just in case. I think it looks better + less possible parsing problems with some tools that use Markdown.
